You are the leader, right?
I was just looking for you.
What kind of shit tutor are you running?
Totally deceiving consumers
I did it myself, but I don't admit it.
Isn't everyone here to see?
They deceive consumers
How could they do this?
Let's go sit elsewhere
Hey don't go, don't go
Hmm
Hello. Hello.
This is the hidden model of the exhibition you won.
It is a full set of blind boxes.
There is also a shopping card.
You can buy the new blind box for free.
It's better to be like this earlier. Hello everyone
Everybody take a step forward.
Let me introduce you
The backpack just designed by our company.
It's portable.
You can also span diagonally with one hand.
Yes, you can also carry it when you travel.
You can put some of our mobile iPads.
Then there's an umbrella or something
I hope you enjoy it.
I want to give me one too
Get me one. I want one, too.